alright this is a really really fast tip
on adding a project box to your gimbal
I'm doing that right now so I thought
I'd just document that process for you
guys this is a project box that I had
and I kind of cut it up this is what
i'll be using you'll see what the end
result looks like anyways what i need to
do is add this project box here now
whether i do it with or without the
offsets i could put the offsets on the
inside or I can put this on the outside
regardless what I need to do is drill a
bunch of holes here and get that lined
up so some people have been asking how
do you do that if your holes are offset
what I have here is just a clear piece
of film I'm just going to take this
figure out where my holes are I don't
need to be perfectly straight on this
piece of film but you'll see what I do
is I'm going to mark where I need to
drill my holes on this template that's
going to get me pretty close next what
I'm going to do is this is the side that
that is going to be on this side of the
box so i need to put this on this side
of the box so it's going to end up
looking like this and that's where i
would line up my holes and then i would
then punch it with this a little punch
tool so before I do that I'm going to
add a bit of blue tape here just to the
box so my template doesn't shift around
I'm going to figure out where is a nice
place to add all the holes so it looks
pretty square and centered get enough
for me ok so this punch tool here is
going to leave some marks in our box so
once we take that out we should have
some definitive marks where we need to
start drilling our holes and that would
be perfect alignment with our gimbal so
if you have a project box you want to
mount it that's a simple way of getting
your template onto the box
you